# HBIL1986
Greetings!

I'm Yvonne Cantu from the great state of Texas.  

I've lived been in other states but as they say, "You take the girl out of Texas but you can't take the Texas out of the girl."  So true. I love hearing stories about people's lives and in Texas I grew knowing it as a way to pass along history and knowledge.  You never know what's behind those eyes, in a person's soul and where the shoes they've walked in have been.  I would have loved being an anthropologist and I guess you could say learning about people and cultures is a hobby that's piques my interest for years.

I have a story to share with you I like to call Careers, College and Collections. I find it a good way to let people in to my world.  I like telling it so much better than answering the question at every job interview: So, tell me about yourself. I was a good, obedient child and teenager so there's nothing to tell there. But, beginning to live my adult life was and still is like a map that goes to all four directions and in between. And, it will continue to as such.  

Careers, I chose and accidently came to experience many. Like a falling leaf in the wind.  Sometimes it's path is predictable or it can go anywhere. People that come to know my life story are surprised how one person has touched so many jobs in a lifetime.  Of course, I did the usual teenager jobs, secretarial and administrative jobs. I've been a bankruptcy legal aid, worked at a bank, did construction and for a VERY short time was on a little town rodeo circuit doing - are you ready for this?  Team roping cattle.  Yep.  I was the "header". My job was to lasso a rope over a quick as lightning cow's head.  My partner roped the back feet. It was exciting, unpredictable, dirt in your hair, shirt and pants.  I learned that girls can sweat just as good as boys, too. There were very few women but I didn't care or think about quitting. Heck, when you're young and in your twenties you're ten feet tall and bulletproof. Until I saw a girl fall off her horse and the spooked cow was out of control and trampled her head and face.  I'm not a vain person but I didn't relish the possibility of coming hoof to face with any bovine creature. But, the most grueling, sleep depriving, sometimes dangerous but definitely never boring were the years I worked at an ABC news affiliate as a field newsreporter, weekend anchor and producer, and of course started out as a weather girl (who knew not a thing about meteorology).

My family loved it.  The recognition in town, being part of special events, meeting well-known and famous people and even appearing on Good Morning America in New York City a few times.  You ever heard of country singer George Strait?  Country entertainer of the year for decades?  Nice fella.  Dubyuh, then Vice-President  George W. Bush. A few celebrities but they paled in comparison to the everyday folks.  The kid that won an award for saving an elderly woman being mugged, The mom that had the first set of triplets in town, high schoolers making college athletic teams, county fair winners and, of course, the law enforcement and political people. My favorite had to be interviewing Korean War and Vietnam veterans.They had so much to say but so few would really listen. Grandma and Grandpa thought that if I wasn't on the news on any given day I must have been off. Just the opposite.  Doing research, chasing down an armed escapee from the local jail (and yes I have been shot at and nearly pummeled a few times), checking up on suspicious politicians, sometimes trying to find a story on a slow news day. And, you worked holidays, in bad weather, sick and perhaps dangerous situations.  But, I quite after many years.  The news business thrives on sensationalism.  Tragedies piqued people's interest.  One Christmas a family's home caught fire.  The entire family suffered smoke inhalation and even a few burns. I happened to be in the car when the video photographer was dispatch to record the incident. Knowing I was there, the news director told me to run over to speak with the family and asked how they felt.  He thought it would be a great, exciting story the would pique people's interest and boost the ratings. I refused. He threatend I had better do it or else I would be out of a job. Reluctantly, I trudged over near the family, got the mic plugged in and saw the mother holding her infant with black soot around it's nose and coughing, gasping for fresh air. I was not going to do it.  Tragedy was not for entertainment!  These were real people who were suffering, crying and shivering in the cold night. The "or else" happened very cleverly.  They weren't going to fire me for refusing to do the assignment, that meant unemployment benefits.  Somehow, an award winning journalist was not performing to required standards, therefore failing to do my job and had to be "let go".

Careers after that took me through many interesting,fulfilling and sometimes novel jobs but education knocked at my door and I found myself being in a field that led through the classroom to the boardroom.Then came college...a little later in life.

College, I loved it.  I was a communications major but has a passion for anthropology, history and working with English as a second language students from all over the world. Young students that complain it's too hard aren't soothed with sympathy.  College had to be one of the easiest and fulfilling experiences of my life.  Where else, except maybe the military, do you have your days planned out for you, you know what's expected and you have the chance to prepare and practice for life. I'm often met with groans. I loved being a teaching assistant.  You never really know what excuse a student is going to use for not doing their homework. One day I walked into a computer lab with a student feverishly typing out a paper on unusual newspapers in the country due by class that was to begin shortly.  An aspect that most people wouldn't ever guess. Being the TA for the Communications department and that particular class, he handed over the completed paper.  I skimmed it over. "Whoa, whoa, whoa," I said, "This is some paper.  What an unusual newspaper you chose to study.  The father was the editor, the mother was a part-time English teacher and one of their sons was a sports reporter.  I quizzed him about various facts and details, all of which he stumbled over. He complained that he had a few things to do before class and he needed to leave. I insisted I would walk with him and down the hall we passed the Dean's Office. I wanted to step in for a few moments and motioned for him to come in as well.  He complained he would be late and might miss class if we took much longer, he wouldn't take care of this tasks by the time the class began. Since I was the TA I told him not to be concerned and yeah, he'd probably miss class. He was concerned about his coach getting angry if he found out.  Scholarship rules had strict attendance rules and the coach was notorious for spot checking, especially for their star athlete.  I showed the Dean the paper. She agreed that the paper was unique and A quality. He was thrilled, had a big grin.  She said I gave a student an A+ for this very paper a couple years ago, actually it was her.  My papers had been circulating about and were selling for good money. I also had been his computer skills teacher for athletes. I had taught him how to scan and save documents to an attached computer.  He explained it to a friend who snagged old papers the Dean hadn't returned, sitting dusty on a chair. Someone had a disk chock full of papers, essays and tests.

I learned in elementary school and drilled it into my daughter to never to use someone else's work and pass it on as your own. Plagiarism applies to much of life and has life altering consequences that are far reaching into life. I'm a stickler for giving credit where it's due, even for a quote of a few words.  I also supervised the Science Deparment's computer lab for fledgling coders and informational technology students.  Who's going to know if code that everyone uses isn't yours?  These newbies had no idea that instructors could tell and some people had a signature way of doing their work that would be obvious. You'll find I'm so careful and serious about plagiarism, even in coding, especially since I'm a struggling novice. I'm so particular about it that you'll find in my work that I credit all my sources. Including a dear friend who has not only been to a coding bootcamp but works in the field. I think my instructor would be suspicious if I turned in a project that was outstanding this soon.  It would pique his interest.

College.It was fun and I took some dear friends into my life that are like brothers and sisters. I sincerely thought about becoming a professor but despite my love for education I never had a hankering to become an administrator.  My heart wasn't in it and I felt there was something else for me.

College was a privilege. I was on a scholarship and goals of success were set to graduate with honors. And proudly I did. Computer Science had piqued my interest though. The more time I spent in the lab the more I wanted to learn.  I taught my daughter to read at three years old and to use computer and internet. Who would expect a toddler on line looking up cheat codes for video games.  A fellow classmate even taught her to look at a game's properties to search for specific types of bugs.  Talk about a child who's now an adult quite proficient in technology.

Involvement with college continued. At UTSA, my experiences in computer science garnered me the request to serve on a board as its inaugural president. I was to oversee the struggles for the Family Association's difficulty bringing in funds to help sponsor Student Life improvement activities. I did for four years. I feel one of my best accomplishments was helping to develop a database for current and potential donors of various levels, their potential connections and employers that matched donations. I became quite proficient in database programs. It piqued my interest and I wanted to learn more. Life just didn't allow it. You'll probably laugh at this but I know nothing about Excel, much to my husband's frustration, nor am I interested. I felt there were other aspects I was missing that I wanted to learn. Something I could learn but where I could also use my organizational skills, tremendous patience, love for puzzles, and very particular about details. Not OCD just quite determined for order at times.

Collections, where do I start? I have several. I like to collect ballpoint pens, different kinds of paper and notepads and various kinds of offices supplies that are cutely packaged such as correction tape. So far, Korea and China lead in just adorable packaging.

My husband is to blame for a few of my others. I love glass (and the sound of breaking glass, luckily my father-in-law owned a glass business and kept all the scrap glass for me...very therapeutic and stress relieving). My favorite glass artist is the world renowned Dale Chihuly.  He creates such intricate, awe inducing, delicate to thick scupltures. I've had the good fortune to see many of his public exhibits, special private showings and space defying chandeliers at various hotels and resorts. To own one of his pieces would be gift I would more than treasure, and definitely not let anyone touch.

This to my most well-known collections of many years, glass of all sorts of shapes and sizes, but only if it's cobalt blue. Not royal blue, bright blue or dark blue. Cobalt blue. We've moved often over the years and no one was allowed to pack the glass but me. Even the movers said taught them a few things about safely packing fragile items. I've never had one break.  At every house lived in I display them above the kitchen cabinets. Each one is carefully placed according to an arrangement that is similar each time. People who see them are amazed. The story behind each one never fails to pique their interest.

It all started when we were young newlyweds and knowing how I wished to someday have a Chihuly piece of art he lovingly gave me a cobalt blue bowl that sits on my table...the only one within touching distance. But, everyone knows not to.

However, it wasn't long before friends and family began giving me "blue" pieces of glassware, they were thrilled to add to my collection. Not to be ungrateful or callous but these slowly made thier way to being donated or regifted. They weren't "cobalt blue". But, I always appreciated the time being taken to find something that was special to me. Except the cracked piece a family member gave me for a birthday that still had the garage sale sticker on it. Hmm. I accepted it with grace though.  It's the thought that counts.

Other things have piqued my interest, some most would guess would be obvious but the start of several collections weren't my doing.

My husband traveled a great deal for work and enjoyed finding gifts he could bring home for me and our daughter.  In fact, he always left a little extra room in his carry-on for something.

I don't like gold or diamonds so he began bringing me stamped silver bracelets. Bracelets are my favorite piece of jewelry. I played tennis, golf, soccer and would swim with one on. Of course, each has a safety chain (or two) and its own little container to keep it from tarnishing or developing a "patina". Supposedly this is sought after, I don't care for it.

Brooches and pins, particularly of bugs and creepy crawly things. I have lizards, spiders, snakes and my favorites bees. Our daughter's nickname is Bee and she loves to find bee things for her momma. Nothing expensive just special. Again, my husband started the collection.

These collections I have to admit I, with no problem, added to. Generously. He liked finding uniques shoes that piqued his interest and purses. And really, what girl doesn't like a new purse or shoes? Particularly from Los Angeles, Miami, New York City?You don't want to know how many I have of each. But, I never throw away any of them. Some are older than my 32 year old daughter and are very well cared for and have become trendy every few years. No one seems to notice but many young girls admire my "vintage" footwear.

Naturally, every girl has that unusual pair that will probably never be worn but just had to have. They usually aren't the type of shoes you walk in, they are to go to the car, sitting and going back to the car shoes. My guilty pleasure are boots.  I realized the other day that somehow my much loved, ancient and faded with horse sweat cowboy boots were missing. I went to look for another pair - on sale, of course. I never pay full price. I found boots, bought them.They are beautiful and live in a specialy place in my closet. I probably will never wear them as I don't anticipate an occasion for them. These aren't for walking. Red rhinestone covered spike heeled boots usually aren't. But, what can I say?  They piqued my interest and were needed for my collection.

You might think "What else can this woman possibly collect next?" 

I've put my collections on hold. I have something else that has deeply piqued my interest. Something that I left my career in education for. Something that, despite being so mind boggling for me, feels like it hits that empty spot that something to satisfy have been elusive. Learning to code. I've been discouraged by being told "Why would you want to do something that hard?" While I have great respect for educators, I don't have the desire to teach. The thought of being cooped up in a classroom severely underpaid isn't appealing, so the advice of "You should get a teaching certificate!" No, it doesn't make my heart anxious at how intense but unbelievably creative it is as well it doesn't feel like a career that would challenge my brain, cause me to think of solutions, perhaps look at problems differently.

And, I sincerely hope to someday "pique" someone's interest with a well-done, user pleasing and client satisfied website. Actually, websiteS.

I hope you interest and piqued with my labors of work that I've found intriguing, that has excited me to acquire skills that will be ever evolving and be gratifying even through the toughest challenges.

Wasn"t this better than hearing the usually stock answers to the question, "So tell me about yourself?"

Acknowledements go to:
Amanda Paulette - assisting with student becoming familiar with necessary requirements of various pieces of code throughout
Tutorialspoint.com - general information regarding HTML
lipsum.com - generic text as place holders
shecodes.com - reading through explanations of coding terms but no codes used
IonicFrameworks - reading through explanations of coding terms but no codes were used
issueantenna.com - reading through explanations of coding terms but no codes were used
W3.com - reading through explanations of coding terms but no codes were used

# HBIL1986
Greetings!
I'm Yvonne Cantu from the great state of Texas.  I've lived been in other states but as they say, "You take the girl out of Texas but you can't take the Texas out of the girl."  So true. I love hearing stories about people's lives and in Texas I grew knowing it as a way to pass along history and knowledge.  You never know what's behind those eyes, in a person's soul and where the shoes they've walked in have been.  I would have loved being an anthropologist and I guess you could say learning about people and cultures is a hobby that's piques my interest for years.

I have a story to share with you I like to call Careers, College and Collections. I find it a good way to let people in to my world.  I like telling it so much better than answering the question at every job interview: So, tell me about yourself. I was a good, obedient child and teenager so there's nothing to tell there. But, beginning to live my adult life was and still is like a map that goes to all four directions and in between. And, it will continue to as such.  

Careers, I chose and accidently came to experience many. Like a falling leaf in the wind.  Sometimes it's path is predictable or it can go anywhere. People that come to know my life story are surprised how one person has touched so many jobs in a lifetime.  Of course, I did the usual teenager jobs, secretarial and administrative jobs. I've been a bankruptcy legal aid, worked at a bank, did construction and for a VERY short time was on a little town rodeo circuit doing - are you ready for this?  Team roping cattle.  Yep.  I was the "header". My job was to lasso a rope over a quick as lightning cow's head.  My partner roped the back feet. It was exciting, unpredictable, dirt in your hair, shirt and pants.  I learned that girls can sweat just as good as boys, too. There were very few women but I didn't care or think about quitting. Heck, when you're young and in your twenties you're ten feet tall and bulletproof. Until I saw a girl fall off her horse and the spooked cow was out of control and trampled her head and face.  I'm not a vain person but I didn't relish the possibility of coming hoof to face with any bovine creature. But, the most grueling, sleep depriving, sometimes dangerous but definitely never boring were the years I worked at an ABC news affiliate as a field newsreporter, weekend anchor and producer, and of course started out as a weather girl (who knew not a thing about meteorology).

My family loved it.  The recognition in town, being part of special events, meeting well-known and famous people and even appearing on Good Morning America in New York City a few times.  You ever heard of country singer George Strait?  Country entertainer of the year for decades?  Nice fella.  Dubyuh, then Vice-President  George W. Bush. A few celebrities but they paled in comparison to the everyday folks.  The kid that won an award for saving an elderly woman being mugged, The mom that had the first set of triplets in town, high schoolers making college athletic teams, county fair winners and, of course, the law enforcement and political people. My favorite had to be interviewing Korean War and Vietnam veterans.They had so much to say but so few would really listen. Grandma and Grandpa thought that if I wasn't on the news on any given day I must have been off. Just the opposite.  Doing research, chasing down an armed escapee from the local jail (and yes I have been shot at and nearly pummeled a few times), checking up on suspicious politicians, sometimes trying to find a story on a slow news day. And, you worked holidays, in bad weather, sick and perhaps dangerous situations.  But, I quite after many years.  The news business thrives on sensationalism.  Tragedies piqued people's interest.  One Christmas a family's home caught fire.  The entire family suffered smoke inhalation and even a few burns. I happened to be in the car when the video photographer was dispatch to record the incident. Knowing I was there, the news director told me to run over to speak with the family and asked how they felt.  He thought it would be a great, exciting story the would pique people's interest and boost the ratings. I refused. He threatend I had better do it or else I would be out of a job. Reluctantly, I trudged over near the family, got the mic plugged in and saw the mother holding her infant with black soot around it's nose and coughing, gasping for fresh air. I was not going to do it.  Tragedy was not for entertainment!  These were real people who were suffering, crying and shivering in the cold night. The "or else" happened very cleverly.  They weren't going to fire me for refusing to do the assignment, that meant unemployment benefits.  Somehow, an award winning journalist was not performing to required standards, therefore failing to do my job and had to be "let go".

Careers after that took me through many interesting,fulfilling and sometimes novel jobs but education knocked at my door and I found myself being in a field that led through the classroom to the boardroom.Then came college...a little later in life.

College, I loved it.  I was a communications major but has a passion for anthropology, history and working with English as a second language students from all over the world. Young students that complain it's too hard aren't soothed with sympathy.  College had to be one of the easiest and fulfilling experiences of my life.  Where else, except maybe the military, do you have your days planned out for you, you know what's expected and you have the chance to prepare and practice for life. I'm often met with groans. I loved being a teaching assistant.  You never really know what excuse a student is going to use for not doing their homework. One day I walked into a computer lab with a student feverishly typing out a paper on unusual newspapers in the country due by class that was to begin shortly.  An aspect that most people wouldn't ever guess. Being the TA for the Communications department and that particular class, he handed over the completed paper.  I skimmed it over. "Whoa, whoa, whoa," I said, "This is some paper.  What an unusual newspaper you chose to study.  The father was the editor, the mother was a part-time English teacher and one of their sons was a sports reporter.  I quizzed him about various facts and details, all of which he stumbled over. He complained that he had a few things to do before class and he needed to leave. I insisted I would walk with him and down the hall we passed the Dean's Office. I wanted to step in for a few moments and motioned for him to come in as well.  He complained he would be late and might miss class if we took much longer, he wouldn't take care of this tasks by the time the class began. Since I was the TA I told him not to be concerned and yeah, he'd probably miss class. He was concerned about his coach getting angry if he found out.  Scholarship rules had strict attendance rules and the coach was notorious for spot checking, especially for their star athlete.  I showed the Dean the paper. She agreed that the paper was unique and A quality. He was thrilled, had a big grin.  She said I gave a student an A+ for this very paper a couple years ago, actually it was her.  My papers had been circulating about and were selling for good money. I also had been his computer skills teacher for athletes. I had taught him how to scan and save documents to an attached computer.  He explained it to a friend who snagged old papers the Dean hadn't returned, sitting dusty on a chair. Someone had a disk chock full of papers, essays and tests.

I learned in elementary school and drilled it into my daughter to never to use someone else's work and pass it on as your own. Plagiarism applies to much of life and has life altering consequences that are far reaching into life. I'm a stickler for giving credit where it's due, even for a quote of a few words.  I also supervised the Science Deparment's computer lab for fledgling coders and informational technology students.  Who's going to know if code that everyone uses isn't yours?  These newbies had no idea that instructors could tell and some people had a signature way of doing their work that would be obvious. You'll find I'm so careful and serious about plagiarism, even in coding, especially since I'm a struggling novice. I'm so particular about it that you'll find in my work that I credit all my sources. Including a dear friend who has not only been to a coding bootcamp but works in the field. I think my instructor would be suspicious if I turned in a project that was outstanding this soon.  It would pique his interest.

College.It was fun and I took some dear friends into my life that are like brothers and sisters. I sincerely thought about becoming a professor but despite my love for education I never had a hankering to become an administrator.  My heart wasn't in it and I felt there was something else for me.

College was a privilege. I was on a scholarship and goals of success were set to graduate with honors. And proudly I did. Computer Science had piqued my interest though. The more time I spent in the lab the more I wanted to learn.  I taught my daughter to read at three years old and to use computer and internet. Who would expect a toddler on line looking up cheat codes for video games.  A fellow classmate even taught her to look at a game's properties to search for specific types of bugs.  Talk about a child who's now an adult quite proficient in technology.

Involvement with college continued. At UTSA, my experiences in computer science garnered me the request to serve on a board as its inaugural president. I was to oversee the struggles for the Family Association's difficulty bringing in funds to help sponsor Student Life improvement activities. I did for four years. I feel one of my best accomplishments was helping to develop a database for current and potential donors of various levels, their potential connections and employers that matched donations. I became quite proficient in database programs. It piqued my interest and I wanted to learn more. Life just didn't allow it. You'll probably laugh at this but I know nothing about Excel, much to my husband's frustration, nor am I interested. I felt there were other aspects I was missing that I wanted to learn. Something I could learn but where I could also use my organizational skills, tremendous patience, love for puzzles, and very particular about details. Not OCD just quite determined for order at times.

Collections, where do I start? I have several. I like to collect ballpoint pens, different kinds of paper and notepads and various kinds of offices supplies that are cutely packaged such as correction tape. So far, Korea and China lead in just adorable packaging.

My husband is to blame for a few of my others. I love glass (and the sound of breaking glass, luckily my father-in-law owned a glass business and kept all the scrap glass for me...very therapeutic and stress relieving). My favorite glass artist is the world renowned Dale Chihuly.  He creates such intricate, awe inducing, delicate to thick scupltures. I've had the good fortune to see many of his public exhibits, special private showings and space defying chandeliers at various hotels and resorts. To own one of his pieces would be gift I would more than treasure, and definitely not let anyone touch.

This to my most well-known collections of many years, glass of all sorts of shapes and sizes, but only if it's cobalt blue. Not royal blue, bright blue or dark blue. Cobalt blue. We've moved often over the years and no one was allowed to pack the glass but me. Even the movers said taught them a few things about safely packing fragile items. I've never had one break.  At every house lived in I display them above the kitchen cabinets. Each one is carefully placed according to an arrangement that is similar each time. People who see them are amazed. The story behind each one never fails to pique their interest.

It all started when we were young newlyweds and knowing how I wished to someday have a Chihuly piece of art he lovingly gave me a cobalt blue bowl that sits on my table...the only one within touching distance. But, everyone knows not to.

However, it wasn't long before friends and family began giving me "blue" pieces of glassware, they were thrilled to add to my collection. Not to be ungrateful or callous but these slowly made thier way to being donated or regifted. They weren't "cobalt blue". But, I always appreciated the time being taken to find something that was special to me. Except the cracked piece a family member gave me for a birthday that still had the garage sale sticker on it. Hmm. I accepted it with grace though.  It's the thought that counts.

Other things have piqued my interest, some most would guess would be obvious but the start of several collections weren't my doing.

My husband traveled a great deal for work and enjoyed finding gifts he could bring home for me and our daughter.  In fact, he always left a little extra room in his carry-on for something.

I don't like gold or diamonds so he began bringing me stamped silver bracelets. Bracelets are my favorite piece of jewelry. I played tennis, golf, soccer and would swim with one on. Of course, each has a safety chain (or two) and its own little container to keep it from tarnishing or developing a "patina". Supposedly this is sought after, I don't care for it.

Brooches and pins, particularly of bugs and creepy crawly things. I have lizards, spiders, snakes and my favorites bees. Our daughter's nickname is Bee and she loves to find bee things for her momma. Nothing expensive just special. Again, my husband started the collection.

These collections I have to admit I, with no problem, added to. Generously. He liked finding uniques shoes that piqued his interest and purses. And really, what girl doesn't like a new purse or shoes? Particularly from Los Angeles, Miami, New York City?You don't want to know how many I have of each. But, I never throw away any of them. Some are older than my 32 year old daughter and are very well cared for and have become trendy every few years. No one seems to notice but many young girls admire my "vintage" footwear.

Naturally, every girl has that unusual pair that will probably never be worn but just had to have. They usually aren't the type of shoes you walk in, they are to go to the car, sitting and going back to the car shoes. My guilty pleasure are boots.  I realized the other day that somehow my much loved, ancient and faded with horse sweat cowboy boots were missing. I went to look for another pair - on sale, of course. I never pay full price. I found boots, bought them.They are beautiful and live in a specialy place in my closet. I probably will never wear them as I don't anticipate an occasion for them. These aren't for walking. Red rhinestone covered spike heeled boots usually aren't. But, what can I say?  They piqued my interest and were needed for my collection.

You might think "What else can this woman possibly collect next?" 

I've put my collections on hold. I have something else that has deeply piqued my interest. Something that I left my career in education for. Something that, despite being so mind boggling for me, feels like it hits that empty spot that something to satisfy have been elusive. Learning to code. I've been discouraged by being told "Why would you want to do something that hard?" While I have great respect for educators, I don't have the desire to teach. The thought of being cooped up in a classroom severely underpaid isn't appealing, so the advice of "You should get a teaching certificate!" No, it doesn't make my heart anxious at how intense but unbelievably creative it is as well it doesn't feel like a career that would challenge my brain, cause me to think of solutions, perhaps look at problems differently.

And, I sincerely hope to someday "pique" someone's interest with a well-done, user pleasing and client satisfied website. Actually, websiteS.

I hope you interest and piqued with my labors of work that I've found intriguing, that has excited me to acquire skills that will be ever evolving and be gratifying even through the toughest challenges.

Wasn"t this better than hearing the usually stock answers to the question, "So tell me about yourself?"

Acknowledements go to:
Amanda Paulette - assisting with student becoming familiar with necessary requirements of various pieces of code throughout
Tutorialspoint.com - general information regarding HTML
lipsum.com - generic text as place holders
shecodes.com - reading through explanations of coding terms but no codes used
IonicFrameworks - reading through explanations of coding terms but no codes were used
issueantenna.com - reading through explanations of coding terms but no codes were used
W3.com - reading through explanations of coding terms but no codes were used
